---
title: "Privacy Policy"
type: "privacy"
page: "/privacy.html"
layout: single
---

This privacy policy describes how Facilitron, Inc (Facilitron) collects and uses the personal information you provide on our web site Facilitron.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. By using, accessing or participating in the Service, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Use (located at facilitron.com/terms). We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time. If you do not agree to abide by this or any future Privacy Policy, do not use, access or participate in (or continue to use, access or participate in) the Service. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

_The Information We Collect_

When you use the Service you provide us with two types of information: (i) information you submit via the Service and (ii) information regarding your use of the Service collected by us as you interact with the Service.

When you enter the Site, we collect your browser type and IP address. This information is gathered for all Facilitron visitors. In addition, we store certain information from your browser using "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. We also use persistent cookies to remember sign-in status, coupon availability, search preferences, and venue origination information so that you do not have to enter it again the next time you visit. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" directory. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the Site. The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our third party partners employ clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), images, and scripts that help them better manage content on our site. We use Google Analytics to track application usage, performance, and availability. We do not tie the information gathered to our Customers’ or Users’ personally identifiable information. Through the registration process you may provide us with your name, company affiliation, email address, telephone number, physical address, and other information that may be requested during the registration process on the Site. If you wish to create an account that requires payment of a fee, or use services offered via the Site that require payment of a fee, a valid credit card number or other payment information may be required. By submitting your payment information, you authorize Facilitron to access and use this information in order to provide you with and accept payment for the Service.

When you use the Service you may submit information and content to your Profile, send messages, perform searches, submit reviews, and otherwise transmit information to other Users. We store this information and registration information so that we can provide you the service and offer personalized features.

We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other Users have copied or stored your User Content.

_Minors_ <br> Facilitron does not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register for Facilitron or send any information about you to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 18 may provide any information to or on Facilitron. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a minor under 18, please contact us at <a href="mailto:support@facilitron.com">support@facilitron.com</a>.

_Use of Information Obtained by Facilitron_ <br> Once you register with Facilitron, you may create your Profile. Your Profile information, as well as your contact information, are displayed to other Users, including Facility Owners at whose Facilities you make or request reservations. We may occasionally use your contact information to send you notifications regarding new services offered by Facilitron and its partners that we think you may find valuable. Facilitron may also send you service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation of the Service. Generally, you may opt out of such emails by following the unsubscribe option included in each email, although Facilitron reserves the right to send you notices about your account even if you opt out of all voluntary email notifications..

Profile information and your reservation activity is used by Facilitron primarily to be presented back to and edited by you when you access the Service and to be presented to other Users. The amount of such information presented to other Users will depend on your relationship with those Users (e.g., whether they are following you, or you are following them, as permitted by the Service). In some cases, other Users may be able to supplement your Profile or contribute information about your Facility (if you are a Facility Owner), including by submitting comments and reviews. You consent to Facilitron making such information available to other Users and the public. You may change the privacy settings of your profile through your account portal. Information from your Profile may be available to our third party service provider for search engines. This is primarily so that potential users may be able to find you.

Facilitron may use only non-identifiable aggregate data (based partly on IP addresses) collected through the Service to analyze Service usage and system performance. Such data may be used by Facilitron and shared with third parties in any manner.

_Sharing Your Information with Third Parties_ <br> You may choose to provide information about you, your company or organization or, if you are a Facility Owner, your Facility to other Users and to the public by providing such information on public areas of the Site ("Public Information"). Public Information consists of information that is posted by you on areas of the Site accessible by other Users and/or the public, such as Facility descriptions. Public information does not include information you submit to us but do not post on areas of the Site accessible by other Users and/or the public, such as billing and payment information ("Non-Public Information").

We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We share your Non-Public Information with third parties only in limited circumstances where we believe such sharing is reasonably necessary to offer the Service, legally required or, permitted by you. For example:

We may provide Non-Public Information to service providers who help us bring you the services we offer, such as hosting the service at a co-location facility, sending email updates about Facilitron, removing repetitive information from our User lists, processing payments, or to provide search results or links. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our service providers may have access to your Non-Public Information for use for a limited time in connection with these business activities. Where we utilize third parties for the processing of any of your Non-Public Information, we implement reasonable contractual protections limiting the use of that Non-Public Information to the provision of services to Facilitron.

We may be required to disclose Non-Public Information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. Additionally, we may share Non-Public Information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Service or using the Facilitron name, or to prevent imminent harm. This may include sharing Non-Public Information with other companies, lawyers, agents, government agencies or to any third party with your prior consent to do so.

We may offer to provide services jointly with other companies on the Service, and we may share Non-Public Information with that company in connection with such offer or your use of that service. If the ownership of all or substantially all of the Facilitron business, or individual business units or assets owned by Facilitron that are related to the Site, were to change, your Non-Public Information may be transferred to the new owner. In any such transfer of information, your Non-Public Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

If we have a separate agreement with a company we believe to be your employer or company for whom we believe you work as a contractor (as determined in each case by your email domain), we may provide your User ID, email address and reservation activity to that company so that you may be included within an arrangement that we have with such company. We will notify you if we provide this information to a company and you may elect not to participate in any such arrangement by contacting us at support@facilitron.com and stating that you do not wish to participate in such arrangement.

When you use the Service, certain information you post or share with third parties (including other Users), such as comments, reviews or other information, may be shared with other Users in accordance with the privacy settings you select. All such sharing of information is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you disclose confidential information in your Profile or when posting comments, reviews or other submissions, this information may become publicly available.

Your posting of Public Information to public areas of the Site constitutes your consent to share such Public Information publicly. Please be aware that Public Information will be accessible by both Users and the general public. Nothing in this Privacy Policy shall restrict Facilitron's right to use Public Information. To request removal of your personal information from public areas of the Site, please contact us. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

_Links_ <br>Facilitron may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage Users to be aware when they leave the Site to read the privacy statements of other web sites that collect personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Facilitron via the Site.

_Social Media Widgets_ <br>Our web site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the ShareThis button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

_Changing or Removing Information_ <br>Users may modify or delete their Profile information by logging into their account. Removed information may persist in backup copies but will not be generally available to other Users. Where you make use of the communication features of the service to share information with other Users (e.g., sending a message to another User) you generally cannot remove such communications from the Site.

Upon your request, we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law. We do retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.

_Security_ <br>Facilitron takes reasonable precautions to protect Users' Non-Public Information. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information, such as a credit card number on our order forms or transmit location data, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore we cannot guarantee absolute security. If you have any questions about security please contact us.

_Data Transfer_ <br>The data protection laws in the United States differ from those applicable in other countries, including the country in which you reside. By providing Facilitron with your personal information, you consent to the collection, transfer and processing of your personal information to and from the United States and agree that your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts or law enforcement in the United States according to the laws of the United States.

Contacting Facilitron_ <br>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Facilitron's privacy practices in general, please contact us as provided for below. You may also contact us to require that we provide you with a copy of your Non-Public Information within our control, to have us correct any erroneous information, to discontinue receipt of certain types of communications or to ask us to delete any of your Non-Public Information we have stored that is no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected. We will respond to your request to access non public information within 30 days.

Email : <a href="mailto:support@facilitron.com">support@facilitron.com</a> 